Update 03_Configuration.md (#15020)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/01_Getting_Started/03_Configuration.md

Request::setTrustedProxies(['192.0.0.1', '10.0.0.0/8'], Request::HEADER_X_FORWARDED_ALL);
```

> ## How to inject the .yml param to class variable
> 
> In you services.yml add your service, e.g.:
> 
>     SomeBundle\Service\SomeSender:
>         arguments:
>             $emails: '%email.debug.email_addresses%'
>             
> 
> Then in your class you can access this param in **2 approaches**:
> 
>     public function __construct(string $emails, private ParameterBagInterface $params)
>     {
>         $emailsArray =  $this->params->get('email.debug.email_addresses');
>         var_dump($emails, $emailsArray);
>     }
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## How to inject the .yaml param to class variable

In your `services.yaml` add your service, e.g.:

```yaml
    SomeBundle\Service\SomeSender:
        arguments:
            $emails: '%email.debug.email_addresses%'
```

Then in your class you can access this param in **2 approaches**:

```php
    public function __construct(string $emails, private ParameterBagInterface $params)
    {
        $emailsArray =  $this->params->get('email.debug.email_addresses');
        var_dump($emails, $emailsArray);
    }
```
````
